diy smartphone projector you cut a hole
out of the end of a shoe box
just big enough to hot glue a magnifying
glass to it
glue two pieces of foam board to make a
holder for your phone
lock your screen so the image stays
upside down
because the lens will invert it slide
the phone holder back and forth to focus
the image
play the video on a white wall or a hung
up bed sheet
and voila this one really does work and
it's
fun to create instant macro lens
the idea is that you cut two cap size
circles
out of the top curve part of a plastic
bottle glue them together
but leave a tiny hole in the seam fill
the space in between the circles with
water and
lock it in by gluing the seam completely
cut off the top of the cap glue your new
lens to the rest
and pop it onto your phone's camera with
double-sided tape
but does it work well sort of you get
more of a fisheye effect than a true
macro lens
still cool though vr
goggles you'll use that same kind of
plastic bottle lens
only you'll need two of them print out a
template for making cardboard googles
oops it actually says goggles my bad
you can find those online once you have
your headset put together
glue the lenses in and put your phone in
the goggles
play a 360 vr video for the full effect
it does work but it just gave me a
headache
wouldn't recommend balloon phone cover
no complicated steps here you blow up a
balloon
push your phone into the side and slowly
let the air out
the rubber will wrap around your device
like a case
but your back camera speaker and charger
port will be blocked don't bother with
this one
instant phone lamp a nice trick for when
the power's out
you turn your phone flashlight on and
set a water bottle or a closed mason jar
on it
the light will spread out over a larger
area get creative and add food coloring
to the water to get
different colored lamps homemade
underwater cover
there are some tutorials claiming you
can make an underwater cover
just using a ziploc baggie not true
yes the touchscreen still works through
the plastic but the seal or even seams
can easily come undone
and you're left with a ruined phone
toothpaste for screen scratches probably
one of the most popular phone tips on
the internet
you buff your phone screen with a
microfiber cloth
and a little toothpaste and like magic
the small scratches disappear
well sorry to say this one is a myth it
didn't work for me
but plenty of people swear by it well
try it yourself
and let me know how it goes bright white
screen
as a flashlight for some reason your
phone's flashlight won't turn on
and you're trying to get around in the
dark the trick is to set your wallpaper
as a plain white image
turn your screen brightness up to the
max and it'll replace the flashlight
sure it does provide some illumination
but not nearly as much as a flashlight
take selfies using headphones instead of
depending on your arm to get the widest
selfie shot you can
set your phone up on something like a
bookshelf countertop
anything works plug the headphones in
and push the volume button on the cord
it'll take a picture and you can get
cool candid shots of yourself from
farther away
it works on both ios and android but you
have to use the original headphones
sunglass filter don't wait for golden
hour to get the best shots
just use your sunglasses if you place
the lens right in front of your camera
it really does look like a filter almost
any sunglasses will do it
but i've found that brown lenses look
cooler
diy pop socket cut off a bottleneck and
use some cardboard
or even the same plastic bottle to cut a
circle
hot glue the circle onto the bottom of
the bottle neck
color and accessorize it how you want
and glue it onto your phone case
bad news now your phone doesn't fit in
your pocket
and this pop socket doesn't pop off a
fun project but
impractical phone holder for charging
for when there's no table or other
surface near your power outlet
you can use a shampoo or lotion bottle
to hold your charging phone
safely up off the floor cut off the lid
and cut a hole out of the back big
enough to fit your power brick through
customize and accessorize as you like
put the phone
inside the bottle plug in and hang the
holder
right on the charger phone uv
light to find unseen spots and bacteria
around your house
all you need is your phone some tape and
a blue and red
marker stick a piece of adhesive tape on
your phone's flashlight
and color it blue do another layer of
blue again
the third and last layer should be
colored red
turn off the light in the room turn on
the flash
and you won't see anything but some
purple light
you know blue plus red of course it's
not a real
uv light but if you draw a picture on
the piece of paper with a yellow
highlighter
this diy does make for a cool non-uv
blacklight personal surround sound
theater right in bed
take a medium-sized cardboard box and
cut a rectangle out of the bottom
that's slightly smaller than your phone
don't cut it out completely at the
bottom though
just bend the two flaps back they'll
hold your phone
and provide some space for it to be
plugged into the charger
alright now put the whole construction
on your head
and enjoy your own personal little
theater
oh yeah don't forget to punch some
breathing holes out of the box
oh it's hot in there charge with oranges
and a
penny so here's what you do grab two
oranges
cut a slit in the side of each and
insert a copper coin
a penny will do to hold the oranges
together
then plug your charger into one of the
oranges and voila
you see the penny acts like a conduit
for the electricity
and i'm kidding of course this is a fake
better save that penny and eat those
oranges instead of wasting them on
online rubbish like this phone boosting
speakers
a quick trick that actually works when
your phone's sound isn't loud enough
just put it in an empty drinking glass
speaker and down
glass reflects up to 95 percent of sound
so
it will get louder not by a crazy amount
but still noticeable
and please don't do the toilet paper
roll trick cardboard absorbs sound
instead of reflecting it
so it'll sound worse fix the charging
port with a toothpick
your phone charger won't connect to the
port or it keeps turning on and off with
any slight movement
the likely culprit is a dirty port full
of dust
lint and maybe some cookie crumbs before
you take your phone to a service center
for charging issues
clean out the port with a toothpick just
be very careful
putting pointy things into the port can
also damage it
quickest way to delete a long message if
you're an ios
user you can clear out a long message
way faster
than pushing backspace or even selecting
all and deleting
just shake your phone remember this
trick next time you're writing a novel
size message for someone that you
probably shouldn't send
ease navigation with one simple key
you can press and hold the space bar for
more exact navigation through attacks
just start sliding to get where you need
it works on iphones and on certain
androids that support
g board shorten a long charger cable
grab a pencil wrap your charger cord
around it and tape both ends in place
then hit it with some hot air from a
blow dryer let it cool
unwrap and there you go your once too
long cable
now won't be such a space wasting
headache truth be told
the effect doesn't last forever though
so you'll eventually have to recurl it
and i'd recommend trying it on an old
charger first
instead of potentially burning or
ruining a new one
may i use the low-tech approach i wrap a
rubber band around it
not glamorous but it works